the titles
Let's get to know more details of the battery chargers now.
start with bb 02
This equipment can charge batteries two ways
through this side button I can do a battery charge
bombing drums simão pedro rapoula
2-1 to the netherlands
just select this button
the central part off the equipment
I accompany with this equipment
three types of positions that are connected in this case of exit duca
equipment
this cable
is connected in this way
connected to the positive and negative battery terminals as shown in the
remembering
the red side is always on the positive battery side of a black side of the
negative side
in addition to charging with this cable
already been out of the vehicle
I can also charge the battery with it
connecting again here
I insert the club in the municipality of cigarettes in the vehicle
besides this club we also have a third club
which can be plugged into the battery with it out of the cult car mounted nine
remembers red side of the device though battery positive black side
bordy negative
Let's make the call.
connect the first
the red side of the positive side of the battery
then a black side
I'll connect later
the electrical energy in the equipment
the other left-hand side we have three slight
Claudia Mayan means the battery is already connected and charging
the club should set that gets the exact battery of tv the total charge you can already
be used
when they lit lavigne it can mean two things
or you have a fully damaged battery recovery where you
reversed the popularity
irrigation in the battery boxes made
that way you're using surveillance
it's screwed